# Cybersecurity Project - JWKS Server - CSCE 3550-001

Author: Elisabeth Nguyen (Base files for Project 1 by Dr. Hochstetler)
Last Updated: 3/28/2026

## Project 2 - Extending the JWKS Server with a SQLite Database

### Project Description

The purpose of Project 2 is to extend a JWKS Server to use a database to securely store the private keys generated by the server. The server will generate a private key and an expired key for testing purposes when the program is started. The generated keys are then stored in the "totally_not_my_private_keys.db" database with a corresponding expiration time. Then the program will wait for http requests, listening on port 8080. The POST /auth endpoint will fetch a private key from the database and use it to sign a JSON Web Token, which is then encoded and sent to the client server. If the "expired" query parameter is present on the POST /auth request, then the program will retrieve the expired private key from the database and set the "exp" header in the token to an expiration time of an hour ago. The /.well-known/jwks.json endpoint fetches all of the valid, unexpired keys from the database and formats the key data into a JSON Web Key Set which is then returned to the client.

### Execution Instructions

1. install dependencies with pip (or chosen package manager) - "pip install -r requirements.txt"
2. run server using py or python command - "py main.py" or "python main.py"
3. run test suite with pytest - "pytest test_main.py"

For running with gradebot:

1. execute gradebot (Windows) - "./gradebot.exe project-2 --run="py main.py""
   (replace "py" with "python" based on your setup)
